♪ Better be worth my time ♪
♪ Better be committed
'cause baby I'm fine ♪
♪ Baby, I'm fine, I'm VIP ♪
♪ Going to take
a lot to get to me ♪
♪ I'm fine, RSVP ♪
♪ Don't interrupt my energy ♪
♪ Doing alright,
living the daydream ♪
♪ No, I don't need you
to be with me ♪
♪ Better not waste my time ♪
♪ Better be committed
'cause baby I'm fine ♪
♪ Better be committed, 'cause
baby I'm fine ♪
Skye? Skye? Where are you?
Amanda?
There you are.
Gabriella wants to see us.
It's important.
Something about the new line.
Really? Did she like the
swatches I left on her desk?
There's a great
new rose pink suede.
It's all organic
and fade resistant.
Pink? That is so off trend.
Ecru and slate, please.
And don't bring up that pattern
sizing program of yours again.
It's too expensive
and Gabriella doesn't care about
anyone outside of
her target market.
But it's--
Just don't, okay?
Know your audience.
The items for
the fall line are here.
These are going
to be so on trend!
What kind of stitching is this?
Is this-- is this glue?
It's the latest thing.
It lowers the price
per item by two percent.
Yeah, and it's awful.
There's barely any give.
This one's already
falling apart.
It's a minor flaw.
No one will notice.
I don't think any of these are
going to last a dozen washings.
Then we'll put
dry-clean only tags on them.
Do we know how the chemicals
will react with the glue?
Skye, it doesn't matter.
Trends don't last longer
than a season anyway.
You know that.
What about the people
who don't care about trends
and they really love this top?
I mean, they're going to be
heartbroken when they can't
wear it anymore.
Well, I for one
do care about trends.
Especially the one that
I've noticed in you, Skye.
Me?
Yes, you.
You seem incapable of
getting behind the Claw'd brand.
I'm sorry. I didn't realize.
It's just that
fashion isn't about
how many units you can sell
as fast as you can
no matter what.
It's-
- It's about creativity
and expression and joy.
You got fired over a shirt?
You know you'd never want
Froman's to sell something
that poorly made,
no matter how trendy it was.
So, what are you going to do?
I don't know.
They're looking for a new
head buyer of women's apparel
at Froman's.
Maybe it's time that I really
try to start my own line.
I've been dreaming
about it for years and--
Wait. You're the head buyer
for women's apparel at Froman's.
Not as of this morning.
Your promotion
finally came through?
You are now looking at the new
Assistant Chief
Merchandising Officer
of all apparel!
That's amazing!
I'm so happy for you.
You have worked
so hard for this!
So, is there something
you wanted to ask me?
Of course.
Would you like me to put
in a good word for you
at my old job?
Patrick, you've said so many
times that when you reached
the next stage in your
career that you and I,
we'd get engaged.
This isn't the next stage.
I'm only the Assistant Chief
Merchandising Officer.
Oh.
I just assumed because of
all of the times you've said--
Skye, you're the most
amazing, talented,
kind person I've ever met,
and I just want to make sure
I'm in a place
where I deserve you.
That's the exact same
speech you gave the last time
you put off our engagement.
We're such a great couple.
I just don't understand
why things have to change.
Patrick, we've been
dating for five years.
If we're not serious about this,
then I don't think
I can do it anymore.
You're breaking up with me?
No, I'm not.
I just need some time and space
to think about this.
♪
Amanda! Hi. Come on in.
Hi, Skye. There were a few
things left on your desk
that I thought you would want.
That's so sweet of you.
And a cupcake,
'cause, well, who doesn't
need a cupcake after?
That's doubly sweet of you.
Oh, what's this?
It's a vision board
for the fashion line
that I've always
wanted to start.
That's my Grandma Maybelle.
She taught me the three most
important C's of fashion.
Which are?
Color, connection,
and confidence.
I'm going to base
my entire line around them.
You're own line?
I don't know, Skye.
It's really hard for unknown
lines to get off the ground.
Almost impossible.
I know it won't be easy,
but it's just
always been my dream.
I have a ton of
samples all ready.
I'm going to figure out
a way to make it happen.
Well, good luck.
♪
Maybelle is all about color,
confidence, and connection.
Using high quality
fabrics and dyes,
Maybelle clothes stay
looking their best for years.
That's right, I said years.
Hello? Hello?
Well, I can't say
Amanda didn't warn me.
But there's more than
one way to sew a seam.
- Hi?
- Hey, Skye.
- Patrick.
- Do you have a moment to talk?
You know what? I going to need
a little more time before we
talk about you and me and--
I know! I know.
It's not about us.
It's about your clothing line.
What about it?
Well, I showed some of
the sketches you left at
my place to my boss.
She loves them.
Really?!
She thinks they'd make a great
capsule collection for Froman's.
Patrick, that's wonderful,
but, you know, I don't know
if I feel right with you
doing this for me when we're--
My job is to bring
great clothes to my boss.
- I'm just doing my job.
- Yeah, I don't know.
You can't pass up
this opportunity.
Your designs will be in hundreds
of stores across the country.
Imagine how many people would
have access to your clothes!
Yeah, in that case.
If you're sure.
I am!
Okay. I'd love to.
There is just--
There is just one thing.
My boss. I need to prove to
her there's a consumer base
for Maybelle clothes.
What do you mean,
a consumer base?
You need to sell $10,000
worth of Maybelle clothing
and get 10,000
ShareZees followers.
10,000? Okay, I'll figure
out a way to make it happen.
Oh, I'm so sorry! Are you okay?
Did anybody get the license
plate on that rainbow?
Oh. Hi.
Hi.
Oh, my jacket!
I know how you feel.
Oh, I'm so sorry!
I got really distracted
there for a moment
and I'm sorry about
the rainbow-- I mean, the rack!
Please, let me clean this up
for you and I will have it back
to you this afternoon.
I'm not really-
- Okay.
Here.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, I can never
get these things right.
That's why I always
wear the jacket.
Right, right.
Yeah.
So, where do I bring the jacket?
My what?
The jacket?
Right.
Yes, of course, um...
Jason Ryder.
Well, Jason, I'm going to
get right on this stain.
Don't want to let it set!
Wait! What is your name?
Skye Gozen!
Still magic.
♪
Hello? Anybody here?
Wow.
Hello?
Oh. Hello?
Are you Mo?
Um, I'm not sure if
I'm in the right place or not,
but I'm looking for Jason Ryder.
Is he here? I just--
I need to speak to him.
Actually, could you please
come out from under there?
I'm just finding it really weird
just talking to a man's feet.
Well, lucky for you
I'm not a man.
Oh, I'm so sorry!
That's okay.
It happens all the time.
Are you looking
for my brother Jason?
I can grab him for you.
Hey, Jason!
Someone's here to see you!
Haven't you ever
heard of texting, Mo?
I think they heard you
out on Staten Island!
Oh. Hi.
Hi.
Oh, I brought your jacket back.
Oh.
Oh, wow! That's amazing!
You must be the best
dry cleaner in town.
Oh, no. I'm not a dry cleaner.
I'm a fashion designer.
Really?
I don't suppose you'd be
willing to sell me your secret?
I'm looking for
a new business start-up.
I just sold my last company.
A dry cleaning company?
No, underwater drones.
Jason here is
a serial entrepreneur.
Like cornflakes?
No.
More like I build a company
up until it achieves value
and then I sell it for a profit.
Why would you let
go of a company just when
it becomes valuable?
That's how you
achieve a successful exit.
Is there any man not
terrified of commitment?
Oh, yeah.
There's even a word for them.
Married.
Don't be too
impressed with him, though.
King Entrepreneur has at
least one dent in his crown.
I thought we agreed
not to bring that up.
Oh, no.
You agreed not to bring it up.
I agreed to give
you room and board
and in exchange tease you
about it as much as I like.
Taco Burger?!
What on earth is a taco burger?
It was a taco in a burger.
It was two all-time
favorites combined into one
simple yet elegant product.
That looked and tasted
like a dog's dinner.
He insisted on cooking even
though he can barely boil water.
It's my one failure.
I bet there's a market
for a mobile dry cleaners.
Sure you won't reconsider?
We could go 50/50.
Oh, no, I'm actually
starting my own business.
Working on it.
It's a fashion line
called Maybelle.
I just need to sell $10,000 in
clothes and then I get my own
line in a major
department store.
That's easy enough.
You set up an online
store in under an hour.
Absolutely not!
You can't feel the way
clothes lay on your skin online.
Or the way a color
makes your skin glow.
Or how you stand a little
bit taller when you find
that perfect thing just for you.
Online is great
for a lot of things,
but not my clothes.
But I'm still trying to find
a way to get them to people.
Isn't that ironic.
You have stuff to sell
and no way to get it to people,
and you have a way to get stuff
to people and nothing to sell.
That's ridiculous.
That's crazy.
A mobile boutique?
The overhead would be a lot
less than a traditional store.
No. It's a really bad idea.
Why not?
Because it's just not
the way things are done.
You just said you gotta
start thinking outside the box.
He means inside the truck.
What? This turkey of a truck?
Oh, I'm sure you are a really,
really good entrepreneur,
but obviously you
know nothing about fashion.
Hey.
Don't look at me. I don't know
anything about fashion either.
It must run in the family.
♪
Confidence is for everyone,
not just size zero.
So every piece in my line has
been redesigned and re-patterned
to fit all sizes by using
a program I had commissioned
myself to make sure it fits
and feels great on everyone!
I want to make that personal
connection with lots of people
and not just some
imaginary ideal customer
that doesn't even exist.
Everyone deserves
beautiful, well-made clothes
that reflect who they are
and where they're going.
Okay.
Hi, Skye. This is Jason Ryder.
Just wanted to see if
you'd thought any more about--
Skye?
Patrick, hi.
I wasn't expecting
to see you here.
Well, you haven't been
returning my calls, so.
Yeah. Sorry. I've been
really busy with Maybelle.
Well, I'm glad to hear it since
you only have a few weeks left.
A few weeks for what?
That's what
I'm trying to tell you.
You need to meet the sales
and ShareZees goals by
the end of the month.
My boss can't hold the spot for
Maybelle any longer than that.
Oh, I hadn't realized.
What can I do it help?
I got a great list of
fashion-forward ShareZee
celebrities.
Have you heard of Mary B?
Her strategies
are so successful.
I--
Have you finalized
your strategy yet?
What? Did you do boutique,
consignment, or what?
Actually, I'm pretty sure
I need to think outside the box.
♪
Underwater drones.
Before that it was remote
team-building software.
And before that it was daffodils
that bloomed year round.
I Googled you.
I'm flattered, but if you came
back here because you changed
your mind,
I'm not interested any more.
Why not?
You know nothing about
starting a business.
You know nothing about fashion,
but you never let that stop you.
Okay. Here's the deal.
You're the supplier,
I'm the retailer.
You bring me the goods,
I take them out,
I bring back the money.
We split the profits.
If you think that I'm just
going to hand over my samples,
close my eyes,
and cross my fingers,
then you're crazier
than a taco burger.
Take it or leave it.
Don't you think it would have
been more successful if you
would have hired an actual chef?
Entrepreneurial rule number #3.
Learn from your mistakes.
What are you talking about?
It's one of the nine great
rules of entrepreneurship.
According to who?
Me.
You should be on the truck.
- Deal.
How soon can you start?
Now!
So, the parts
I need for the truck
should be in tomorrow.
Hey, are you guys hungry?
Starved.
Great. Jason,
you make a pupusa run.
You fly, I'll buy.
Little busy. You fly, I'll buy.
Hey, Skye.
Yeah?
Nice job.
You know what? I'll just wait
until you guys are done.
It's just pupusas.
Yeah, I'm actually
not that hungry.
I am.
It'll just take a mo', Mo.
You know what?
I'll order Chinese.
What was that all about?
Mo's had a crush for months
on the chef who runs the best
pupusa place in Brooklyn.
But she's too shy
to even go near it,
much less ask Angel for a date.
Aw, but Mo's so great!
She shouldn't be shy
about something like that.
You really think so?
Yeah. I mean, you gotta
get past the engine grease.
But she's obviously
smart and caring.
She's giving us such
a deal on the repairs,
I would love to do
something special for her.
I can give her
a wardrobe makeover!
I have plenty of
samples in her size.
How is that going to help her?
Angel won't like her more
just because she's wearing
a different pair of jeans.
Of course, but it's
all about one of the C's.
Confidence.
Good clothes, and clothes
that are right for you,
can make a huge difference
in how you feel about yourself.
And then the whole
world can see that you feel
as good as you look.
Ow!
Something tells me right now,
you look better than you feel.
Almost.
Now?
Just about.
And...
Done!
- Okay.
- Okay, ready?
Yeah.
Oh.
Oh, it looks good.
It's perfect.
It just needs one more thing.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Don't you dare!
You wouldn't!
I'm just kidding.
Or am I?
It's perfect.
I kinda love it.
Yeah.
We should get these puppies
loaded up for the morning.
Yeah. Oh, you've got
paint all over your hands!
So do you.
Oh.
It's not coming off.
Don't worry. I know where Mo
keeps the heavy duty cleaners.
Great.
Come on.
It's not coming off.
Here.
♪
Hello? Skye?
Hi. Who are you?
I'm Patrick.
I'm Skye's boyfriend.
Oh. Hi.
I didn't realize
Skye had a boyfriend.
Patrick,
what are you doing here?
I saw ShareZees posts.
Ah, right. Those.
You seemed so excited
about the mobile boutique
I thought I'd come
check it out.
And I brought dinner.
I don't know if there's
enough for everyone though.
Oh, that's okay. I promised
Mo I'd go pick up pupusas.
Jason, are you sure?
Yeah. I'll see you
first thing tomorrow.
Nice to meet you.
So, let's check this truck out!
Skye: It's pretty great, right?
Patrick: I don't know, Skye.
It seems a little disruptive.
Disruptive?
I don't know what
Froman's is going to think.
You know,
they're very mainstream.
I mean, I have to sell
my clothes some way.
There's always online.
I know. I know.
Touch, feel, fit, etcetera.
How is this going to
get you ShareZees followers?
I'm--
I'm still working on that part.
Well, work quickly.
Remember what I said.
You got to start following
people, tag other brands.
Yup.
Skye, this is serious.
Tomorrow is Follow Friday.
I know. I know,
and I am taking it seriously.
I was up all night last night
thinking of creative hashtags.
Good. Great. Just think of
social media as the world's
biggest runway.
Enough hiding.
It's time to explode your brand.
Hashtag be bold.
Hashtag disaster.
Entrepreneurial rule #2.
On time is good.
Early is better
and it comes with coffee!
Thank you.
You ready to do this?
Let's go.
- Oh, sorry.
- Sorry.
I thought you'd drive
since it's your truck.
Well, I thought you'd drive so
I could strategize on the road.
You can't drive and strategize?
You can't drive a truck?
I can't drive
manual transmission.
Well, that won't do.
We've got time.
I'll teach you.
It'll be fun.
You told me this was easy.
Try again. Tenth--
Eleventh.
Eleventh time is a charm.
Okay.
Foot on the brake.
- Push in the clutch.
Put it in neutral.
Let out the clutch.
Let out
the clutch.
Parking brake off.
Okay.
Push in the clutch.
Mm-hm.
Switch it into first.
First.
Now, let out the clutch slowly
and push on the gas.
Okay, okay. Push on the gas.
More gas! More gas!
More gas! More, more!
You know what Mo said when
I told her that I couldn't
learn to drive stick shift?
She said it was
a philosophical issue.
You're letting
the truck control you,
when you need
to control this truck.
- Try again. You can do this.
- Okay. You're right.
You're right.
One more time.
Foot on the brake.
Push in the clutch.
Put it into neutral.
Let out the clutch.
Parking brake off.
Push in the clutch.
Put it in first.
Let out the clutch.
Both: Slowly.
Both: And push on the gas.
Here's a thought.
How much do you think
a new transmission will be?
Excellent point.
♪
Jason: Hey, guys.
- Skye: Hi! Good morning.
- Jason: How's your day going?
Oh, hi there.
Welcome to my mobile boutique.
Would you like to come inside?
How's it going?
Would you like some clothes?
We've been here for an hour
and no one has stopped.
Did you post on
your social media accounts
about where you'd be
and when like I asked?
Yes.
What was the response like?
I got two likes
and one was my mom.
You should invite her out,
get her to bring her friends!
She lives in Tucson.
Oh.
Entrepreneurial rule #5.
Go viral or go home.
I'll post on my accounts.
Oh, man.
The signal here is terrible.
I'm going to go
find a better place.
Remember this for tomorrow.
We need to pick a better spot.
Okay.
♪
Hi.
That color would
look amazing on you.
I don't know.
I like to be comfortable.
Oh, well,
it's Crêpe De Chine silk.
Here, feel how soft it is.
Imagine that against your skin.
Do you want to try it on?
I've got a changing
room just inside The truck.
Sure.
Skye: Are you shopping for
an occasion or-- yeah?
That is definitely your color.
I've never felt so
comfortable without spandex.
Doesn't she look great?
I love this skirt.
Do you have it in my size?
Well, these clothes
are all samples,
but I have something similar
that I think you'll love.
Do you have any more
of this crêpe stuff?
I'll show you everything!
Oh, I love it.
Thank you so much.
Thank you!
Be sure to like us on ShareZees!
Hi.
Would you care to
see some of our stuff?
Well, well, well.
Social media to the rescue!
What do you mean?
Looks like my posts
and tweets paid off.
People started to stop
and take notice when I expanded
my sales area,
making it more of a boutique
and less of food truck.
Yeah, but I-
- Never mind!
Let's just focus on
the customers we have.
- Oh, no! You don't--
- Hi!
Welcome to Maybelle on Wheels.
I can see you like dresses,
but can I recommend this one?
Well, it doesn't have sleeves
or much of a skirt,
but it is red, though.
That's a great color,
am I right?
I'm sorry.
This dress is organic cotton.
and it feels just like a cloud.
I know you're trying
to help, but don't!
Just don't!
Hey, nobody bats a thousand.
You know nothing about fashion.
Just look at you!
You don't have to get personal.
I have about a dozen pieces
that woman would have adored,
but you scared her away waving
the wrong dress in her face.
- I could--
- Probably not.
- But--
- Definitely not.
I can't just
stand around all day.
So, entrepreneurial rule #8.
Maximize your resources.
♪
Hi. Welcome to
Maybelle on Wheels.
Lemonade?
Hey. How'd it go?
Great. If you like lemonade.
It was fine.
A little slow to start,
but a respectable beginning.
What-
- What is she doing?
I don't know.
But I bet you won't like it.
Uh-oh.
But I don't want a makeover!
It will be fun!
No, it won't!
It'll be all stiletto heels
and push-up bras
and fake eyelashes.
How am I supposed
to wear a welding mask
with fake eyelashes?
I'm not going to give you
that kind of a makeover.
I just want you to
feel like your best self.
Confident and attractive
and like asking
a certain pupusa chef out.
Oh, my brother is a dead man.
Oh, that's it. He's so dead.
Look, we can go slow
and you don't have to try on
anything you
don't want to, okay?
This is going to be a lot easier
if I just say yes, isn't it?
Mm-hm.
Hm.
Step one, we go shopping.
I hate shopping.
In your own closet!
I wouldn't do that!
Oops.
Okay. Anything that
is stained or dirty
or has too many holes
we're going to put
straight in the garbage.
Anything that doesn't fit
or you don't wear anymore
we're going to put
in the donate pile.
And you only get to
keep the things that fit
in the three C's.
Color, connection,
and confidence.
Or need for work.
Or need
for work.
Okay, so?
Ooh, birthday present
from my great aunt.
Do you love it?
Definitely not.
Then let's donate it.
Someone else will.
Wow. Was this a look?
That was an accident
with a garbage disposal.
Enough said.
I don't need to know.
Do you ever get
rid of anything?
Yeah, I find it a lot easier
to just shove everything
in the closet
and forget about it.
Until it explodes.
- Yeah.
So, tell me about Angel.
Is this supposed to be
that girl talk thing?
Yup! Remember when
I said it would just be easier
to say yes to me?
Angel's wonderful.
He's kind and funny
and he's got these gorgeous eyes
and he's just wonderful.
So, what's the problem?
Why don't you
ask him out on a date?
Isn't this girl talk thing
supposed to work both ways?
Tell me about your boyfriend.
Jason said he stopped by.
Patrick and I
are taking some space.
Not how Jason made it sound.
Well, we are.
Patrick's great but he keeps
saying he doesn't want to get
engaged because he has to hit
this milestone or that one,
and then he does
and somehow there's always
another milestone instead
of the other kind of stone.
Wow, is there
something about you
that just attracts
commitment-phobes?
What do you mean?
Jason, of course!
I don't attract Jason.
Mm-hm.
He's just my business partner.
Well, good for you.
He's never been one
to commit to anything.
Not his startups.
Not his girlfriends.
Not even a cell phone carrier.
He calls it
strategic vision, but--
Whoa! Wait! What is this?
Nothing.
It's not that bad.
It's a little out of date,
but the color is gorgeous
and the cut is perfect for you.
What made you hold
onto it this long?
I told you.
It's just easier to shove things
away and forget about them.
You will take my advice
about Jason, though, right?
I love my brother,
but he's not the type to
settle down for anything.
Ha! Believe me, that is
the last thing I need right now.
♪
Well, at least it's not
a safety hazard anymore.
How's this makeover going?
Oh, and you said I know
nothing about fashion?
You have to make room
before you can makeover!
It turns out my closet
was full of clothes
that I never wear anymore.
I'll donate them in the morning.
Dare I ask?
Better you didn't.
Jason: Hey, guys.
How you doing?
Skye: Hi, guys.
Jason: Alright.
Hi.
Hi, how are you today?
Hi, guys.
Hi there. Hi.
The phone service
is way better here.
But the foot traffic is worse.
No one knows we're here!
Well, don't worry.
I dropped a pin
and I made up these
flyers with a map.
Every day we can mark our
location and hand them out.
That's brilliant, but who's
going to hand them out?
I am.
I know, but they're just flyers.
Okay, you wait here
and get ready for customers.
♪
- Patrick!
- Hey!
What are you doing here?
I thought I'd come by
to see how you're doing.
It's not too late
for the online store.
No, we're fine.
We're doing great.
We're just trying
out this new location.
We can do that.
We're mobile now.
Balloons! Great idea!
You can see them
three streets away.
How'd it go with the flyers?
Oh. It was okay.
I got something
that can actually help.
So, I had the advertising
team do some research,
and this tested extremely
well in the 15 to 20 age range
and they rated it
highly recognizable.
Yeah, from space.
Patrick, that's really
thoughtful of you but--
And you know what else?
I actually know somebody who
works for Mary B.
His name's Harry,
and I think I can
give him a call.
It'd be really great.
You can use that contact.
Um, I feel really uncomfortable
with you helping me out so much
when you and I are
so up in the air.
Hey, give me some
of those flyers.
Let me help you hand them out.
It's not as easy as it sounds.
Hey, entrepreneurial rule #8.
Maximize your resources.
I think I can manage.
So, should we go here?
Hi, Maybelle on Wheels.
We're a mobile boutique.
High fashion store.
Hi, would you like your
fashion brought right to you?
Maybelle on Wheels.
Hey, guys. How you doing?
This is Maybelle on Wheels.
The map's here. Yeah, she'll be
in Greenwich tomorrow,
she'll be in Hoboken. Yeah.
She designed this, for sure.
She's going to be at
the Rockefeller Center.
She's going to be the next big
fashion designer in New York.
You guys want to pass
these to your friends?
It's Maybelle on Wheels.
Yeah. Thank you.
I appreciate that.
How you doing?
Oh, come on.
They are not that bad.
Then why did you
ask for my help?
They're not bad.
They're just boring.
Well, fuchsia isn't my color.
Apparently,
color isn't your color.
I like to keep things simple.
You like to keep things safe,
and fashion's not
about being safe.
I thought you said
it's about being yourself.
Exactly. It's about showing up
and not being afraid
to tell the world,
"Here I am! This is me!"
You think that
doesn't take courage?
Here, and this.
Oh, come on.
You're willing to
take a risk on the great
Taco Burger experiment
and not on electric cobalt?
Good day together, huh?
Go teamwork.
I guess you can call it that.
What's that supposed to mean?
I mean, why didn't you tell
Patrick his logo was terrible?
It wasn't terrible!
It wasn't terrible if you're
opening a laser tag facility.
Do we have to do this now?
It completes the look!
That logo was terrible
for Maybelle and for you.
You don't see that?
Be a team player.
Whose team?
Because whatever team that
logo's for, you weren't on it.
Did you just ask me to
help you with your clothes
because of Patrick?
No.
Yes.
I mean, he showed me what
a difference it can make.
If we're going to
be on the same team
I better wear the uniform,
right?
It does look good.
Wow.
Mm-hm.
It's still
missing something though.
What?
Hey! Hey!
You're going to mess it up!
That is impossible!
You already did.
Just let me.
I-
- I should go.
Right.
Yeah. I told Mo that I was going
to meet her back at my place.
- So, yeah.
- Yeah. Of course.
So, yeah.
If you ever need a reference.
I know who to tell them to call.
♪
We're going to
try an experiment.
I don't like this already.
You are going to
try on some things,
but you can't see
what they look like first.
Why not?
Because most people
have no idea what actually
looks good on them. It's true.
They get some idea
or rule in their head
and then they never
question it again.
They have to wear trends
or they can't wear trends
or they have to wear
these colors and those styles,
but none of that matters.
The only thing that matters
is when you put the clothes on,
they make you feel your best.
Here, put this on.
Why am I doing this again?
Because clothes
make connections.
They're a shorthand that
allow us to communicate
with each other, and it's
just easier than fighting me.
Okay.
Top off.
Here. One arm in.
There you go.
So, you never did tell me why
you wouldn't ask
Angel out on a date.
Now?
You really want to do this now?
Yup.
I don't know.
I just...
Angel wouldn't want
to date someone like me.
Right, because smart,
competent, caring women
are so unattractive.
Don't look yet.
First, I want you to
know how it feels.
I thought fashion was supposed
to be all about how you look.
Sometimes, but it shouldn't be.
It should be about how you feel.
You don't stare into
a mirror all day long,
but you do feel the clothes
against your skin
the whole time.
So, how does it feel?
A little tight in the shoulders.
Enough said. Take it off.
I'm not even gonna look at it?
Why?
If you're never gonna wear it,
then what do you care
what it looks like?
Hmm.
Ahh. Yeah, this one next.
Oh, no.
Way too scratchy already.
Got it. Next.
Try this one.
Ooh.
- Yeah?
- Stretchy.
Huh.
So?
What do you think?
This is actually
not too bad.
Great.
Hmm...
Don't look yet.
There's one more part.
Stand up, please.
Arm out.
How does this feel?
Oh, like butter.
Now, we're talkin'.
Take a look.
What do you think?
I love it.
Hmm.
Yeah.
Both dresses
are gorgeous. Decide.
Based on comfort, which
dress can you see yourself...
Uh, excuse me?
...just dancing around
the living room in?
Excuse me?
I just want to pay for this.
I'll be right with you, sir.
I don't know. Flip a coin?
Wait, wait, wait!
No. Please, wait one second.
It'll just be another moment.
You have got to let me help you.
You know nothing about--
Yeah, yeah, I know
nothing about fashion,
but I can run a credit card
machine as well as anybody.
Thank you.
Hi. I can help you right here.
Perfect.
What a beautiful choice.
Okay, what do you think?
Okay...
Look at the colors on that.
- Excuse me.
- Skye: Hi.
Do you have this top
in a larger size?
Oh, unfortunately all of our
garments are one of a kind.
Oh.
Well, I'll take this one anyway.
Great. I'll just
ring that up for you.
But have you tried it on?
How does it fit?
It was great.
Um, maybe a little snug.
But it's such a pretty top.
I have to have it.
And have it you shall.
Will that be cash or credit?
Why would you want
to buy something
that doesn't
fit you quite right?
I don't know.
I thought it might someday.
It could expand in the wash.
That's not a thing.
Excuse us for just a second.
Sure.
I might have missed something,
but are you seriously
trying to talk us
out of a sale?
I started Maybelle
because I want my clients
to have beautiful,
well-made clothes
that are perfect for them,
and they can't be perfect
if they don't fit!
Who cares, if owning
it gives her joy?
But it's not
going to give her joy.
Every time she opens her
closet and sees that top,
she's gonna feel sad
because it's beautiful
and she loves it
and she's never gonna
be able to wear it.
There's no joy in that.
I'm sorry. I can't do it.
What are you doing?
I'm thinking.
It looks really painful.
Rule #6.
What's rule #6?
Find a way to "yes."
Is that shirt part
of the computerized
sizing program you're
always talking about?
Yes.
My second start-up
was a 3D modelling app.
The programmer still
owes me a favor,
one big enough for a rush job.
Hi. Can I borrow
that for one second?
Customer: Sure.
Thank you.
So, we combine Skye's
pattern sizing program
with a 3D modelling app.
We can show you exactly what
that top would look like on you.
There we go.
Skye: And then,
the program extrapolates
the pattern to fit
your custom measurements.
And we'll have your custom-made,
perfectly fitting top
ready for you next week.
Yeah.
Great.
And...
...that is the grand
total for the day.
What?
This is our best day by far.
At this rate--
We won't have enough
followers for another ten years.
I told you,
Maybelle needs a website.
I guess.
You're right. You're right.
Finally.
For marketing.
I am not selling online.
So, how does this whole
website thing work anyway?
No idea.
It's entrepreneurial rule #7,
consult the expert.
- Mo, over here.
- Mo: Hey.
Hey.
Skye wants a website.
Oh, finally.
You program, too?
Yeah. Most cars have computers,
not carburetors
these days, you know?
And does Angel know
about this super power?
It's something you
two can talk about
the next time you
see each other.
Nothing wrong with singing
your own praises a little.
That is entrepreneurial rule #4,
sing your own praises.
No. I will take
dating advice from Skye,
but not from you, dear brother.
Hey! Why not?
Because Skye actually
has a boyfriend.
Jason: Oh, right.
We're on a break.
And you have a string
of relationships
you always give up on before
they ever really get started,
kind of like your businesses.
I did not give up
on my businesses.
I sold them,
and all for a profit, too.
If they were successful,
why did you sell?
Because that's what I do.
I bring a product to the market,
I create a consumer base,
and then it's time to move on,
find a new challenge.
The same way he is with women.
And render.
Not half bad.
Still needs
a bit of work, but...
- Wow.
Swim shorts
and a Hawaiian shirt?
Yeah, it's a fashion statement.
A statement that says, "Help!"
Okay.
Hey.
Oh.
You know, I think I know a way
to get us some more followers.
Jason: Ready?
Hit it.
♪
♪ I can't even find my senses ♪
- You go, girl!
- ♪ Can't breathe, can't sleep ♪
♪ You're on my mind ♪
♪ You make me lose
my self-control ♪
♪ Acting crazy, can't unwind ♪
♪ Ooh, I'm obsessed ♪
♪ Love obsessed,
love obsessed ♪
♪ It's all I can do
to keep my head on ♪
♪ Can't think of
anything but you ♪
♪ Cloudy, fuzzy,
where's my mind gone? ♪
♪ I'd be cured
if I had you ♪
♪ Ooh, I'm obsessed ♪
- ♪ Love obsessed ♪
- Thank you so much!
Don't forget to tag and post us,
and I think that
went pretty well.
♪
What do you think?
We need videos, dancing.
I wanna see how the clothes fit,
how they move.
The models just left.
I disagree.
I think we've got plenty
to work with right here.
Oh.
No.
Whoo!
Work it! Work it!
♪
Oh, you look great.
Come on.
Skye:
You're gorgeous!
♪
♪ I can't even find my senses ♪
♪ Can't breathe, can't sleep,
you're on my mind ♪
Mo: Oh, yeah! Okay!
♪ You make me
lose my self-control ♪
Okay, here we go.
I got it. I got it figured out.
Okay!
♪ Ooh, I'm obsessed,
love obsessed ♪
- One more!
- ♪ Love obsessed ♪
Okay, I love this.
Have fun with it.
I need a full body. Full body.
Huh.
Hmm.
Skye, wow.
♪ Ooh, I'm obsessed ♪
♪ Love obsessed ♪
Harry here.
How you doing, Harry?
It's Patrick.
- I'm great.
- Good, good, good.
Listen, is your boss Mary B
going to the ISM Fashion Awards?
Of course she is.
Excellent.
Does she have a dress yet?
No, not yet.
Okay, okay. Well,
I have this amazing designer.
I'd love to recommend her.
Thank you so much.
Your order will be
shipped next week.
And there you go.
And don't be afraid
of stripes and prints.
You can totally pull them off.
Bye.
Skye! Is that you?
Amanda?! Hi!
It's so good to see you!
What-- what are you doing here?
It's a long story, but...
I have a really amazing chance
at getting a capsule collection
in at Forman's Department Store.
I just have to show
them that there's a market
for my Maybelle line
by doing $10,000 in sales
and getting 10,000
ShareZees followers.
So, you're selling
your beautiful samples
out of a food truck?
It's a mobile boutique.
And I love getting to meet
the people who are
wearing my clothes.
Do you remember my
pattern sizing program?
Okay, so my partner Jason,
he combined it with
a 3D modelling app,
so now, people can order clothes
that actually
fit them perfectly.
You're still making
clothes yourself?
Just... Just for now.
Gabriella was wrong to
fire you just for speaking up,
but she was right
about one thing,
there's only one way
to make it in fashion.
Glamour, and scale,
and exclusivity,
and this,
this isn't any of that.
I'm so sorry.
Foot traffic is tapering off.
Think it's about
time we pack it in?
I guess, yeah.
I was thinking about
your shopping avatar.
I think it needs a name,
something jaunty and fun
that you can't forget,
like, uh, "My Shopping Buddy"
or "MeMyMo".
Uh, I talked to a patent lawyer.
She thinks we can get a patent,
license your product
to retailers.
We could change the industry.
What?
You don't think
I can pull this off.
Are you kidding? We're breaking
our own sales records every day.
Then, why are you talking
about patents and licensing,
instead of getting
Maybelle into Forman's?
Well, because I--
no, you're right.
That was a stupid thought.
No, it wasn't.
No matter how
good our sales are,
I still don't
have enough followers
and I'm running out of time.
Would it be so bad if
Maybelle on Wheels went on?
Maybelle on Wheels is great,
but at some point,
I'm going to run out of samples
and I can't create new designs
if I'm always working to
reproduce the ones I have.
My dream is to be a designer,
not a seamstress,
and for that to happen, I have
to get places like Forman's
to want to carry my line,
instead of me having to go to
every market and park
to showcase it myself.
Dreams change.
You would say that.
You'll probably have moved on
to some other business
by summer anyway.
Indoor avocado farming
or personal
cell phone satellites?
I don't know. Maybe.
Patrick: Am I interrupting?
- Skye: Patrick?
- Hey.
No, we're-- we're just
packing up for the day.
Good, good. I'm glad I could
catch you before you left.
- It was a good day?
- Skye: Very.
We're right on track to meeting
the sales goal we need.
Patrick: That's great.
Skye: But my
ShareZees followers--
Got a big boost
from the dancing video.
We can do another
one on the weekend
if we get some new models.
Actually, I've got this.
You gotta come meet her.
Skye: Her?
Mary B.
There's an opportunity to work
with her and you're gonna get
all the ShareZees
followers you could ever need.
You're serious?
Had to pull a few strings,
call in a few favors,
but it's guaranteed to work.
Do you mind--
You should go.
Entrepreneurial rule #7, right?
"Consult the expert?"
Let's go, then.
Patrick: I'm really excited
about this opportunity.
- A lot of obstacles.
- Skye: Yeah, I know.
♪
Sorry, what are we doing here?
Who is this woman?
Mary B. She's a big
fashion influencer.
I told you about her, remember?
Here, look how many
followers she has.
Skye: 875.
I have more than her.
No, Skye. Look again.
875,000?
You are going to be designing
her red carpet gown
at the ISM Fashion Awards
next week.
But...
But I haven't designed
a red carpet gown since...
...ever,
much less actually made one.
Why not?
Because I design clothes
that people actually live in.
Red carpet gowns,
they're beautiful,
but they're not very me.
Well, just, you know,
make this one you,
but make it Mary B as well.
I mean, everything she wears
gets photographed to death
and posted everywhere.
- Patrick.
- Patrick: Harry.
So good to see you again.
You as well.
Hello. Harry.
Skye: Hi.
Mary B, I'm Patrick Scott.
This is Skye Gozen.
She's gonna be your designer
for the ISM Awards.
So good to meet you. Mm.
I have been really
enjoying your feed.
Feed?
- ShareZees feed.
- Oh.
You have so many
cute, cute clothes,
and I would like
something just like that.
Thank you. I can show you--
Only red carpet.
You can do red carpet, right?
I, um... Yes. yes.
You know what?
Go over there.
Wonderful.
I'll leave you to it.
Oh, you're not
going to be staying?
Oh, no, no. You just
send everything to Harry.
Harry knows what I like.
Stunning.
I know. Bye.
Bye.
- She's the best.
- Absolutely.
So, I'm thinking a classic
Grecian style dress.
Simple, clean lines,
beautiful draping
and maybe a little
detail right here.
- I like it.
- You do?
Yeah, it's great.
Wow. I thought this was
gonna be a lot harder.
But with some volume.
Volu-- volume?
On a Grecian style dress?
Oh, definitely volume.
- Uh...
- Mm-hmm. Great.
Okay.
- Great. Just keep going.
- Okay.
Keep going,
keep going, keep going.
Perfect.
Oh...
high necklines are trending,
so let's go with that.
Are you sure?
You don't really see many red
carpet gowns with high necks.
Yeah, Mary B isn't
afraid to be innovative.
Is she afraid of melting?
It's already gonna
be really hot that night.
With the bulk of the dress and
the high neck, she just might--
You know, she never
really cares about that,
so long as she looks good.
But you know what?
I actually have a call
that I have to jump on.
Is this enough for you
to get started with?
Uh, I guess.
I like my clothes to be joyful.
I like to use bright blues
and pinks and yellows and--
Yeah,
that's great, that's great.
Oh, but make this gown
in grey, slate grey.
It's very on trend.
And add a veil,
like a thick one.
I think it's time that
they had a comeback, yeah?
♪
Fuller, fuller...
Okay...
No!
♪
Be right there! Huh?
Okay.
Yeah. Okay. Ok-- oww!
Ahh!
What?
Skye, are you okay?
Are you sick?
Are you bleeding?
I'm fine. What are you doing
here at the crack of dawn?
Crack of noon more like.
No.
No, no, no, no, no. It can't.
Oh, where's my phone?
You were supposed to have
some sort of fashion lesson
with Mo this morning.
Skye: Oh, I completely forgot!
I'm so sorry!
I'm gonna
make it up to her, okay?
Where is my phone?
Can you call it?
Didn't do much good
the last six times I called.
I think your
storm cloud is ringing.
Oh, okay.
What is this?
This is a red carpet gown
for influencer
and ShareZees celebrity Mary B.
It's also how I'm gonna
get enough followers
to get my collection
in with Forman's.
But it's ugly.
You know, if you knew
anything about fashion,
I'd be really hurt by that.
It's not even you.
Well, you've just never seen me
do a red carpet gown before.
I've seen you do every
other kind of look.
I might not know fashion,
but I would know
one of your pieces
anywhere and this is
not you, except for
that pretty little bit.
Well, the client is
allowed some say.
All of the say, I'd say.
I thought you didn't want to
do things like this anymore,
design what other people want,
instead of what's true to you.
What's true to me is
getting my line into Forman's
and reaching a thousand
new clients every day.
I mean,
it's not the end of the world
if I have to compromise
over a little dress.
Little?
There is absolutely nothing
little about this dress.
This discussion is over.
Let's just get
to the truck and go.
Let's just be a team
with us in the truck.
We'll get you all
the followers you need.
Nope, we can't.
Mary B wants
to see what I have so far.
Let's go, then.
Oh, no. You're not coming.
Are you gonna take
this thing on the subway?
This plenty of room
for this in the truck.
Ah.
And you're gonna drive.
Fine. You get the train.
It has a train?
Oh, I can't wear this.
I've got to change. Here.
I'll meet you down there.
Is Mary B
going to be here soon?
I'd love to hear
what she thinks.
Mary B had to fly out
to London last night.
But how are we--
Oh, we think alike
on everything.
Hmm. Looks good on still,
but I just don't
know about video.
It needs to have movement.
Does this move?
It's a boulder.
No, I need to see it walk.
We're gonna need
somebody to model it.
Yeah.
Oh, no.
Hope you had a good breakfast.
That thing weighs a ton.
Oh.
I just came by
to see how you're doing.
Harry: Okay, just walk
over to that corner of the room.
Okay.
Harry: Mm-hmm.
Oh...
I'm good.
Okay, now,
give us a little spin.
No, it definitely
needs more movement.
Well, maybe if I
took out some of the volume in--
No! No. Volume is good.
Volume is in.
But we need movement.
Let me just check
what the trends are saying.
Can you give me
a hand here? Please?
Of course,
Princess Thunder Cloud.
Thanks.
Streamers!
What?
Yes, streamers.
Streamers pouring from the back,
the sides, and the sleeves.
But there aren't any sleeves.
There will be.
Yeah, in fact,
let's move all the
volume up from the skirt
and into the sleeves.
But I stayed up
all night working on
the volume in this skirt.
Okay. Is that a problem?
Well, it's...
Oh, you know what?
Actually, I have to take this.
Seems like it's going
pretty great, huh?
I don't think this is
working out, Patrick.
Harry keeps changing
the design every three hours,
and I stayed up all night,
working on this skirt,
and I couldn't get out
with the truck.
Maybe this wasn't
such a good idea.
Are you kidding me?
Have you seen how many
followers you have?
The event isn't until next week.
Harry's posting everything.
He takes your sketches,
work in progress pictures,
and he tags you.
You have over 5000 followers.
Look.
- What?
- Yeah.
That's amazing.
Here, I'll show you
how you're trending.
It's working, Jason.
That's great.
Let's get this grey giant
back to your place
for round two, then.
Well, actually,
I think it'd be okay with Harry
if she worked on it here.
And that way, you don't
have to keep coming over.
That's a good idea. I can get
started on it right away.
There's lots to do.
Oh. Sure. Right, then.
Uh, I'll leave you to it.
Patrick: So, what changes
do you have planned?
♪
Mo: What are you looking at
with so much enthusiasm?
New start up ideas.
"Pharmaceutical resales."
"Headhunting apps
for security firms."
Ooh, "corporate
wellness services."
Wow. See you can
barely contain yourself.
What about Maybelle on Wheels?
Skye's about to nail
her department store deal,
then she won't need
Maybelle on Wheels anymore.
Huh, there's a first,
business and a woman leaving you
before you can
leave either of them.
Nobody is getting left.
This was the plan for
Maybelle on Wheels all along.
What about getting left by Skye?
She can't leave.
She was never with me.
Not like that.
She has a boyfriend, remember?
But I thought
they were on a break.
Are the sparks still flying?
Well, not flying,
but simmering for him.
But not for her?
I'm sure she never
turns to him and says,
"You know nothing
about fashion."
Speaking of simmering.
Ahh, no. I have an Easy-On
tool demo to get to.
How is your makeover going?
When are you gonna
get up the courage
to go ask Angel on a date?
Probably never?
Besides,
Angel's brother Hector told me
that Angel has to go to
El Salvador for a month
to visit family,
so there's no point.
Well, when's he leave?
Next week.
That's plenty of time.
Bye.
Everything okay?
- Skye...
- I wanted to bring these by
for Mo, but I tried to
stop her on her way out
and she muttered something
about tools and kept going.
She's got a meeting
with an Easy-On rep.
Well, do you have a second?
I'm desperate for some ice cream
and I really hate
getting chip-faced alone.
- I could eat.
- Hmm.
When Mo was leaving,
you said that she
still had plenty of time.
Time for what?
To ask Angel for a date.
She's got one week left.
What happens after a week?
Trip back to El Salvador
to see his family, I think.
Oh.
I don't know if your
makeover sessions are working.
Hey, they're working a little.
Then, why doesn't
she have the confidence
to ask for a date already?
Well, confidence isn't
like a set of rules you learn.
It's a state of mind.
It's about accepting
yourself without judgement.
Right. Well...
That's not happening.
Mo's so focused on
what she doesn't have
that she can't
see what she does.
I'm gonna think on
how to help her with that.
Last I checked,
you were still trending.
Congratulations.
You don't mean that.
Yeah, I do.
I shouldn't have said
those things about your work.
I'm sorry.
I may not know fashion,
but I'm smart enough to
know you're really special.
Thank you for saying that
and for apologizing.
I know I said you know
nothing about fashion,
which was true.
"Was" true.
But you've been really
open to learning and adapting.
Not that many
people can do that.
I think you're
pretty special, too.
You're ice cream's melting.
So is yours.
Oh.
Here, hold this.
I think I know what Mo needs.
Turn around.
There.
Can you make sure to
put this in the jacket pocket?
Okay.
♪
We're gonna ask
Angel out on that date.
You got this.
Ugh!
Who am I kidding?
Skye:
"You are amazing.
"You are beautiful.
You are enough."
What is that?
Mo: I knew I shouldn't
have done this.
Stay here.
Mo:
Please come back another time!
- Hey, Mo?
- We're closed.
- Mo, it's me.
- Jason, please just go away.
Harry Skye.
Skye:
Harry, I finished the gown.
Harry:
Oh, that's great.
There have been
some more changes.
You are going to love it.
But the ISM Awards
are tomorrow night.
Harry: ...pants!
Harry?
Harry, my phone's about to die.
What changes?
We're going with pants.
Mo: Why couldn't I have
just followed my gut?
No!
What? What is this?
Mo asked Angel for a date.
And?
Does it sound like he said yes?
Oh, Mo.
I should go talk to her.
No. You had your chance
to talk to her before
and you cancelled
to work on that--
that dust bunny of a dress.
Why'd you even bother to start
if you were never
planning to stay?
You're not mad about
Mo getting turned down.
No, I am.
No, you're mad
because you think that,
for the first time,
something or someone
might walk away from you
before you have a chance
to walk away from them,
like every woman
you've ever dated,
every business
you've ever started.
I sold out of my businesses.
I didn't sell
myself out like you're doing.
What are you even talking about?
I've seen literally hundreds,
if not thousands
of your designs.
I've seen you use every
color known to man
and a few I'm pretty
sure only cats can see.
None of your designs,
none of 'em,
have ever been grey,
and you're changing
the design every ten minutes.
Designs get
revised all the time.
Sure, because you
get a better idea
or something isn't working,
not because you're
chasing some silly trend,
trying to please a client
you've barely met.
I'm doing what I have
to do to get my dream!
Is that really
the most important thing?
Yes!
Why do you think
I'm doing all of this?
Well, you better go do it, then,
but you're on your own.
Do you really mean that?
Yeah, I do.
Fine, then.
Skye!
You still can't drive stick!
Sorry.
Jason.
Ugh!
You can do this.
You're just
psyching yourself out.
Don't let the truck
intimidate you.
Okay. Foot on the brake.
Push in the clutch.
Put it in neutral.
Put it into first.
Let out the clutch slowly.
Push on the gas.
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo-hoo!
Harry: Slim-fit tuxedo pants
with three-inch cuffs.
A velveteen stripe down each leg
and faux slip pockets.
♪
What's all this?
Oh, there's an article
in The Times today
about the rising popularity
of rainbow trout
in haute cuisine.
Got a lead on a potential
fish hatchery in Maine.
What? Now?
Yeah. Flight leaves in an hour.
Well, what about
Maybelle on Wheels?
What about Skye?
Don't tell me you're
leaving a business and a woman
at the same time.
That's too much, even for you.
She's over. They're over.
Skye and Maybelle on Wheels.
By tonight, she'll have
all the followers she needs
to seal the collection deal
and she won't need me anymore.
You asked her to leave,
didn't you?
Don't you defend her, too.
She let you down.
What are you talking about?
The missed appointments,
the way that Angel
turned you down.
You can't blame Skye
for Angel turning me down.
But if she hadn't started,
you wouldn't have asked
and then you wouldn't
have got your heart broken.
I'm not heartbroken.
Okay, I might have overreacted
a tiny little bit there,
just towards the beginning.
Okay, it's awful to be
turned down for date,
but it's not
the end of the world.
Besides, I'm glad I did it.
- Are you really?
- Yeah.
Now, I can stop bribing you
to get me pupusas all the time.
Well, I'm not gonna stand
around here and watch you
pack up and run away
from yet another business
- and another relationship.
- Hey!
No. Sorry. If you don't know
a good thing when you have it,
I can't help you.
Besides, I have a date.
I thought Angel said no.
Yeah, he did, he did, all right.
But Chris, however,
the Easy
-On Tool rep...
He did not.
Oh!
Hey.
Excuse me.
Excuse me, you don't know me,
but that dress that
you're wearing, I ac--
Amanda?
Skye, hi!
That's my dress!
Yeah.
I couldn't stop thinking about
your mobile boutique idea
and went back for another look.
You were off somewhere,
but your partner
insisted I try it on and...
Now, it's my favorite
thing in my closet.
He really has
an eye for fashion.
Yeah, he really does now.
It looks so beautiful on you.
I'd love to grab a coffee
and hear all about
your mobile boutique.
I... I think I was
too quick to judge before.
I have a meeting
to get to right now,
but I'd love that, too.
Soon, okay?
That would be great.
Great. Bye.
- Patrick...
- Patrick: Hey.
You didn't think I'd miss your
big moment of triumph, right?
Uh, Mary B's almost ready.
Okay.
Oh, this is gonna get
photographed to death.
Skye, thank you so much.
I cannot wait to tell everyone
that I am wearing
a Skye Gozen original.
And I don't know how you came
up with the idea of this dress
because I have
never even imagined
anything like this.
Oh, but I thought
that you were--
You know what?
I'm, uh, just gonna do a couple
more styling tweaks, okay?
I thought that the changes
Harry kept giving me
we're coming from Mary B.
I don't think she had any idea.
It doesn't matter
who's idea it was,
that dress is still yours.
No, it's not.
That dress is going to
make headlines,
Skye, along with your name.
Forman's is gonna beg you
to give them a collection
and they're gonna promote me
for discovering you.
I told you,
we make the perfect couple.
This is too good not
to start photographing.
Skye: "You are amazing.
You are beautiful.
"You are enough."
Patrick:
Time to post and tag Skye.
No.
Don't do that. Don't tag me
and don't tell anyone
that I designed this dress.
- It's not mine.
- Skye...
Patrick, I can't take credit for
something that is not my design,
not even for my collection,
not even for you.
You should probably get going.
You don't want to
miss the red carpet.
But wait,
who am I going to tell
everyone I'm wearing?
Maybe Harry can tell you.
Yeah.
Um... funny story, um...
I-- I can't believe
you just did that.
You really can't believe that
I wouldn't want to take credit
for a design that isn't mine?
No, not when it means
giving up on your dreams
of having your collection
in hundreds of stores,
or both of us getting exactly
the careers we've always wanted.
Both of us?
Patrick, was this
whole thing just about you
getting approval
from your bosses?
All I know is
we were taking a break
and then everything
seemed to change.
This is more than a break.
It's...
It's a break-up.
Are you serious?
Yeah, I am.
I need to be with someone
who wants me to be me.
Goodbye, Patrick. Good luck.
What are you gonna
do now, Skye?
You know, there's really
only one thing I wanna do.
♪
Skye:
You waiting for a ride?
Yeah, we're going to
the airport.
So, you've moved on
to a new business already.
Uh, yeah. Trout.
Trout? Sure, why not?
Do you need a ride?
Can the transmission take it?
This truck and I have
come to an understanding.
You're flight's gonna leave.
We should probably go.
- I'm such an idiot.
- I don't know.
Trout's been getting
really popular lately.
Not about the trout.
♪
Yeah, I've been pretty
stupid lately, too.
I didn't realize that
the dress I was making for
Mary B was actually
Harry's design and not my own.
In my defense, though,
he was really sneaky
about the whole thing.
So, what did you do?
I refused to take credit for it.
But without that dress--
No ShareZees followers,
which means no line at Froman's
and no Patrick,
as it turns out.
Oh...
- I'm sorry.
- It's okay.
We weren't the perfect couple
that he thought we were.
I thought that having my clothes
in a big store like Froman's
was my dream, but it's not.
It was just the way to my dream.
This is my dream,
as it turns out.
To make beautiful clothes
and to help people find the ones
that are perfect for them.
And I couldn't have
done it without you,
not without your help
and your faith
and even your
entrepreneur rules.
I just wanted to tell you that
and to say thank you.
It's not gonna be
the same without you.
It's a really great dream.
I'm glad that
you get to have it.
Maybe you should get
your own dream some day.
I think I already have
if you're willing.
What?
You mean Maybelle on Wheels?
No. I mean you.
♪
And there are
the new fabric samples.
Ooh!
No grey. I already asked.
You know me so well.
How's it going in LA?
Jason:
Everything's right on schedule.
All four trucks are
stocked and ready to go.
This is a great idea.
LA runs on wheels.
I can't believe
we're expanding already.
Jason: Six trucks was
all New York could handle.
Jason, you're not getting
bored yet, are you?
I mean, wishing you'd gotten
into fishing hatcheries
or solar panel futures
or anything like that?
Bored?
How could I ever
be bored with you?